program flow:

    program entry via asterisk AGI call to agi.py::route
        variables passed by asterisk will be:
            1.  ivr identifier by name (i.e. vmDeposit, vmFetch, dateAndTime, etc.)
            2.  callerId (name, number)
            3.  authentication information? (local extension, or known user?)
            
    agi::route instanciates a call object (call.Call)and passes the following:
        1.  agi self reference
        2.  ivr identifier by name
        3.  callerId information
        4.  channel information
        
    agi::route calls start method from instanciated call object
    
    call loads caller information (API call to db system)
        * is the caller a local caller, known to the system?

    call loads the requested ivr (API call to db system)
        * how are we dealing with authentication here?
            perhaps an ivr should include a field that notes whether authentication is required?
            perhaps a reference to an additional ivr could be specified that would provide authentication?

    call instantiates the ivr object by ivr.Ivr(ivr_def_from_dbapi) and places the instantiated object in a FILO list
    
    call checks pre-requisites and loads a new ivr if needed
        (note that we can have an infinite pre-requisite if the pre-req ivr has a pre-req itself, we should watch for and detect loops)

    call instantiates the pre-requisite ivr and adds it to the FILO list of ivr objects
    
    when all pre-requisites have been loaded and added to the list call pulls the last inserted object off the list...
        (an ivr object with no pre-req defines the end of the pre-requisites)
    
    call executes the start method of the most junior pre-requisite and passes the following:
        1.  call self reference
        2.  callerId information
        3.  argument dictionary (may be empty {})
        
        the ivr can return a success or fail result as well as a dictionary of values to be passed on to it's parent ivr 
        
    if there is no parent ivr, call should return control to the asterisk dial plan (by calling the agi.finished() method)
    
    if there is a parent ivr, call executes the start method of the parent ivr passing
        1.  call self reference
        2.  callerId information
        3.  argument dictionary from previous ivr
    
        the ivr can return a success or fail result as well as a dictionary of values to be passed on to it's parent ivr
        
    continue walking down the ivr parent tree until no more parents exist
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
required ivr functions:

    1.  Play a message, without interruption
    2.  Play a message, and Collect a response
    3.  Play a message with playback controls
    4.  Record a message, with record controls
    
    
    
    
    
    
Leave a message:

Play greeting:
	1. temporary?
	2. unavailable?
	3. busy?

Play instructions? 
	
Record Message.

Allow message edit/playback/save/delete

Save message for delivery

toggle MWI


-------------------------------------------

Get Messages:

1.	Play message status (you have x new and x old messages)
2.	Play instructions (press 1 to listen to new messages, press 2 to listen to old messages....)

3.	During message playback, allow rewind, fast forward, header replay, reply, forward, delete toggle, skip

4. 	If reply, ask whether to include copy of original
5.	if forward, record comment (or skip)

